README.md, before:

# Data Mining Project

We make SIR model with python from [COVID-19 Italy dataset](https://github.com/pcm-dpc/COVID-19).

## Installation

Use the package manager [pip](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/) to install required packages.

```bash
pip install numpy
pip install matplotlib
pip install scipy
```

## Usage

### Brief Summary

There are 3 main file in the root directory.

1. Scrapper `scrapper.py`
   Is used to download automatically the data from the github. Here is the github [link](https://github.com/pcm-dpc/COVID-19/tree/master)
2. Cleaner `cleaner.py`
   Is used to clean the downloaded data and save the new data in `dataset/dataframe.csv`
3. Runner `runner.py`
   Is used to run the SIR model and compare it to the `dataset/dataframe.csv` so that we can get the accuracy of the model.

### How to run

First, thing first. Install all the requirement. And then, run the `scrapper.py` like this :

```python
python scrapper.py
```

Wait untill all the data is downloaded into the `./dataset/` folder. After that, the second thing we must do is clean the data :

```python
python cleaner.py
```

After the data has been cleaned. We can continue to run the runner file :

```python
python runner.py
```

## Contributing

This is a university project, i already have a team. Please dont ask me to make you contributor or something.

## License

[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

Commit message:

cleaun and finishing seird model

README.md, after:

# Data Mining Project

We make SIR model with python from [COVID-19 Italy dataset](https://github.com/pcm-dpc/COVID-19).

## Installation

Use the package manager [pip](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/) to install required packages.

```bash
pip install numpy
pip install matplotlib
pip install scipy
```

## Usage

### Brief Summary

There are 3 main file in the root directory.

1. Scrapper `scrapper.py`
   Is used to download automatically the data from the github. Here is the github [link](https://github.com/pcm-dpc/COVID-19/tree/master)
2. Cleaner `cleaner.py`
   Is used to clean the downloaded data and save the new data in `dataset/dataframe.csv`
3. Runner `runner.py`
   Is used to run the SIR model and compare it to the `dataset/dataframe.csv` so that we can get the accuracy of the model.

### How to run

First, thing first. Install all the requirement. And then, run the `scrapper.py` like this :

```python
python scrapper.py
```

Wait untill all the data is downloaded into the `./dataset/` folder. After that, the second thing we must do is clean the data :

```python
python cleaner.py
```

After the data has been cleaned. We can continue to run the runner file :

```python
python runner.py
```

### Model Detail

There are two models that we provide :

1. SIR (Susceptible, Infected, Recovered/Removed)
2. SEIRD (Susceptible, Exposed, Infected, Recovered, Death)

You can find both model file python in `./model/` directory

## Contributing

This is a university project, i already have a team. Please dont ask me to make you contributor or something.

## License

[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)
